TODO:

subspace init
  - create ansible.cfg
    - Add stuff from zach
  - generate a password and create a file (add to gitignore)
  - create config/provision
    + entire directory tree
  - generate example production.yml, dev.yml


  - create the ansible-vault vars files somehow


-- 8/21

1. remove 10fw.net as the default hostname
2. autocreate authorized_keys with ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
3. add readme or something better than this
4. combine dev and prod.yml into the same shared tasks and update the provision task to just pass in the hosts on the command line, i think that's a better more canonical "ansible" thing to do than have different playbooks for dev and prod.
5. whats up with the "mtpereira.passenger" role?  if our role wants to depend on that one (see postgres) than file, but its confusing in the role list in dev.yml
6. create a menu where we ask people what setup they want and they choose each step (apache+passenger) or (nginx+puma) or whatever (or have these in a giant provision.yml and just commented out). similarly they should pick their DB.  Heroku calls these things "buildpacks" and we should do a similar thing.
7. dont use rake use subspace, eg `subspace provision dev`
8. not sure why the rake task generates QA and Staging even when the configs dont exist.
9. AWS stuff shouldn't be in there by default, its way too specific to our use case i think
10. I can't edit the vault files after doing subspace init.  OK I see I have to be in the provision dir.  We should do that via subspace commands
11. Needs to prompt for ruby version too or pull it from .ruby-version (does it do this or did festbuddy get lucky?)
12. Need something like `subspace override <rolename>` that will just make a copy of the role in the provision dir so you can fux0r with it -- also need to think about what happens if we udpate subspace, does it automatically update roles for everyone?  Maybe it should always copy them locally and make you run `subspace update roles` to avoid `bundle update` wrecking people's production servers
13. `One or more undefined variables: 'letsencrypt_email' is undefined`
14. We need to figure out app.yml and the secrets file beacause it sucks, also not everyone uses figaro
15. more options for SSL, like should it auto redirect, what hostnames are allowed, etc
16. needs an option to set the project name instead of just using the directory
  - ok this is the there, but the readme should force you to edit this file, and there needs to be a ton more options there (unless we go with provision.rb for configuration, which we could do)

